Removes duplicated governance proposal types (#202)
anoma/namada-docs: packages/specs/pages/governance/proposal.mdx

- Requires $\frac{1}{3}$ of the total voting power to vote
- Requires $\frac{1}{2}$ of the non-abstain (either yea or nay) votes to be `Yay`

`PGFProposal` is a proposal to *conduct* _Public Goods Funding_:
- Doesn't carry any WASM code
- Allows both validators and delegators to vote

> - Has different properties depending on the submitter being a stewards or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has different properties depending on whether or not the submitter is a steward
```
